# Glossary for æternity blockchain

| [A](#a) | [B](#b) | [C](#c) | [D](#d) | [E](#e) | [F](#f) | [G](#g) | [H](#h) | [I](#i) | [Numbers](#0123)                        |
|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:--------|:----------------------------------------|
| [J](#j) | [K](#k) | [L](#l) | [M](#m) | [N](#n) | [O](#o) | [P](#p) | [Q](#q) | [R](#r) | [linking to here](#æternity-glossary-guidelines) |
| [S](#s) | [T](#t) | [U](#u) | [V](#v) | [W](#w) | [X](#x) | [Y](#y) | [Z](#z) |         | [Sources](#sources)                     |

***

## A

### æternity
æternity is a new blockchain technologie, pleaes read this articles:
* [Home](https://github.com/aeternity/wiki/wiki),
* [Understanding æternity](Understanding-æternity)
* [getting started](Getting-Started)

### Address

Addresses (Cryptocurrency addresses) are used to receive and send
transactions on the network. An address is a string of alphanumeric
characters, but can also be represented as a scannable QR code.

### AE

AE is a common unit used to designate one aeon.

### Aeon

An aeon represents a unit of account and an access right to the æternity
blockchain. It is transferable. Transaction A message from a user to the
blockchain. This is how users can use their currency to access the
blockchain.

### Agreement Ledger

An agreement ledger is distributed ledger used by two or more parties to
negotiate and reach agreement.

### Attestation Ledger

A distributed ledger providing a durable record of agreements,
commitments or statements, providing evidence (attestation) that these
agreements, commitments or statements were made.

### ASIC

ASIC is an acronym for "Application Specific Integrated Circuit". ASICs
are silicon chips specifically designed to do a single task.

***

## B

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a type of distributed ledger, comprised of unchangeable,
digitally recorded data in packages called blocks (rather like collating
them on to a single sheet of paper). Each block is then ‘chained’ to the
next block, using a cryptographic signature. This allows block chains to
be used like a ledger, which can be shared and accessed by anyone with
the appropriate permissions.

### Bitcoin (uppercase)

The well known cryptocurrency, based on the proof-of-work blockchain.


### Block Height

Block height refers to the number of blocks connected together in the
block chain. For example, Height 0, would be the very first block, which
is also called the Genesis Block.

### Block Reward

The reward given to a miner which has successfully hashed a transaction
block. Block rewards can be a mixture of coins and transaction fees,
depending on the policy used by the cryptocurrency in question, and
whether all of the coins have already been successfully mined.

### BTC

BTC is a common unit used to designate one bitcoin.

***

## C

### Central Ledger

A central ledger refers to a ledger maintained by a central agency.

### Confirmation

A confirmation means that the blockchain transaction has been verified
by the network. This happens through a process known as mining, in a
proof-of-work system. Once a transaction is confirmed, it cannot be
reversed or double spent. The more confirmations a transaction has, the
harder it becomes to perform a double spend attack.

### Consensus Process

The process a group of peers responsible for maintaining a distributed
ledger use to reach consensus on the ledger’s contents.

### Consensus Point

A point – either in time, or defined in terms of a set number or volume
of records to be added to the ledger – where peers meet to agree the
state of the ledger.

### Cryptocurrency

A form of digital currency based on mathematics, where encryption
techniques are used to regulate the generation of units of currency and
verify the transfer of funds. Furthermore, cryptocurrencies operate
independently of a central bank.


### Cuckoo Cycle

The "Cuckoo Cycle" PoW algorithm is more power efficient than that of
current blockchains, and enables the development of better random access
memory (DRAM) chips for mining. Since low-power devices such as
smartphones, tablets and laptops can efficiently mine new tokens,
incentives for mining are decentralized and geographically distributed,
and shifted away from large mining entities that use
application-specific integrated circuit („ASIC“) chips designed
specifically to take advantage of a particular PoW algorithm.
<sup>[source:](https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/059.pdf) /
[Github](https://github.com/tromp/cuckoo) /
[æ-wiki](Cuckoo-Cycles)</sup>

***

## D

### DApp
DApp is the short form of (d)ecentralized (a)application

Decentralized applications also known as DApps, are the next logical
step in the evolution of technology. A decentralized application is
similar to a smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain, yet it also has
key differences. Unlike smart contracts, Dapps do not need to revolve
around finance but can leverage blockchain technology for any purpose
that comes to mind. <sup>[source](https://themerkle.com/what-is-a-dapp/)</sup>



### DAC
DAC is the short form of (d)ecentralized (a)utonomous (c)orporation

### DAO
DAO is the short form of (d)ecentralized (a)utonomous (o)rganization
<sup>[link](http://inpluslab.sysu.edu.cn/files/Paper/SmartContract/Blockchains_And_Smart_Contracts_For_The_Internet_Of_Things.pdf)</sup>



### Digital Commodity

A digital commodity is a scarce, electronically transferrable,
intangible, with a market value.

### Digital Identity

A digital identity is an online or networked identity adopted or claimed
in cyberspace by an individual, organization, or electronic device.

### Distributed Ledger

Distributed ledgers are a type of database that are spread across
multiple sites, countries or institutions. Records are stored one after
the other in a continuous ledger. Distributed ledger data can be either
"permissioned" or "unpermissioned" to control who can view it.

### Difficulty

Difficulty, in Proof-of-Work mining, is how hard it is to verify blocks
in a blockchain network.

### Double Spend

Double spend refers to a scenario where someone tries to send a
transaction to two different recipients at the same time. However, once
a transaction is confirmed, it makes it nearly impossible to double
spend it. The more confirmations that a particular transaction has, the
harder it becomes to double spend.

***

## E

### ETH

ETH is a common unit used to designate one ether.

### Ethereum

Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed
computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality.
Ethereum also provides a cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can
be transferred between accounts and used to compensate participant nodes
for computations performed.

### Erlang/OTP

Erlang is a programming language used to build massively scalable soft
real-time systems with requirements on high availability. Some of its
uses are in telecoms, banking, e-commerce, computer telephony and
instant messaging. Erlang's runtime system has built-in support for
concurrency, distribution and fault tolerance. <sup>[erlang.org](https://www.erlang.org/)</sup>,
<sup>[blog.aeternity](https://blog.aeternity.com/why-we-use-erlang-otp-in-%C3%A6ternity-a4bd1232b614)</sup>,


***

## F

***

## G

### Governance

A well-defined process of making decisions for the future protocol(s) of
the blockchain.

### Genesis Block

The very first block in a block chain.

***

## H

### Hashlocking

This is how we connect pairs of channels to make smart contracts that
involve more than 2 people. A secret is referenced by it’s hash. When
the secret is revealed, it can update multiple channels at the same
time.

### Hashrate

The number of hashes that can be performed by a miner in a given period
of time (usually a second).

***

## I


***

## J


***

## K


****

## L

### Ledger

An append-only record store, where records are immutable and may hold
more general information than financial records.

***

## M

### Mining

The process by which transactions are verified and added to a
blockchain. This process of solving cryptographic problems using
computing hardware also triggers the release of cryptocurrencies.

### Multi Signature

Multi-signature (multisig) addresses allow multiple parties to require
more than one key to authorize a transaction. The needed number of
signatures is agreed at the creation of the address. Multi signature
addresses have a much greater resistance to theft.

***

## N


***

## O

### Oracle

A mechanism that tells the blockchain facts about the world we live in.
Using oracles users can predict the outcome of events, external to the
blockchain system. Value-Holder A user who owns aeon, or a financial
derivative in the system.

Zack said: It is the base of the trie

### Off-Ledger Currency

A currency minted off-ledger and used on-ledger. An example of this
would be using distributed ledgers to manage a national currency.

### On-Ledger Currency

A currency minted on-ledger and used on-ledger.

***

## P

### P2P

Peer-to-peer (P2P) refers to the decentralized interactions that happen
between at least two parties in a highly interconnected network. P2P
participants deal directly with each other through a single mediation
point.

### Participant

An actor who can access the ledger: read records or add records to.

### Peer

An actor that shares responsibility for maintaining the identity and
integrity of the ledger.

### Permissioned Ledger

A permissioned ledger is a ledger where actors must have permission to
access the ledger. Permissioned ledgers may have one or many owners.
When a new record is added, the ledger’s integrity is checked by a
limited consensus process. This is carried out by trusted actors —
government departments or banks, for example — which makes maintaining a
shared record much simpler that the consensus process used by
unpermissioned ledgers. Permissioned block chains provide
highly-verifiable data sets because the consensus process creates a
digital signature, which can be seen by all parties. A permissioned
ledger is usually faster than an unpermissioned ledger.

### Private Currency

A currency issued by a private individual or firm, typically secured
against uninsured assets.

### Private Key

A private key is a string of data that shows you have access to aeons in
a specific wallet. Private keys can be thought of as a password; private
keys must never be revealed to anyone but you, as they allow you to
spend the aeons from your aeon wallet through a cryptographic signature.

### Proof-of-Stake

An alternative to the proof-of-work system, in which your existing stake
in a cryptocurrency (the amount of that currency that you hold) is used
to calculate the amount of that currency that you can mine.

### Proof-of-Work

A system that ties mining capability to computational power. Blocks must
be hashed, which is in itself an easy computational process, but an
additional variable is added to the hashing process to make it more
difficult. When a block is successfully hashed, the hashing must have
taken some time and computational effort. Thus, a hashed block is
considered proof of work.

***

## Q

***

## R

### Replicated Ledger

A ledger with one master (authoritative) copy of the data, and many
slave (non-authoritative) copies.

***

## S

### Sign up

Signing up here means: create a state channel and be able to transact.
It is an example calculation
[Yani on Slack](https://aeternity.slack.com/archives/C59BALQCE/p1495863238325733)

### Scrypt

An alternative proof of work system to SHA-256, designed to be
particularly friendly to CPU and GPU miners, while offering little
advantage to ASIC miners.

SHA 256 The cryptographic function used as the basis for the work
system.

### Smart Contracts

Smart contracts are contracts whose terms are recorded in a computer
language instead of legal language. Smart contracts can be automatically
executed by a computing system, such as a suitable distributed ledger
system.

***

### State Channel

A relationship between two users recorded on the blockchain. It enables
users to send aeon back and forth, and to create trustless smart
contracts between them that are enforced and settled by the blockchain.
Hash A hash takes as input a binary of any size. It gives a fixed sized
output. The same input always hashes to the same output. Given an
output, one cannot calculate the input.

***

## T

### Tokenless Ledger

A tokenless ledger refers to a distributed ledger that doesn’t require a
native currency to operate.

### Transaction Block

A collection of transactions on the network, gathered into a block that
can then be hashed and added to the blockchain.

### Transaction Fee

A small fee imposed on some transactions sent across the network. The
transaction fee is awarded to the miner that successfully hashes the
block containing the relevant transaction.


***

## U


***

## V

### Validator

A validator is a user who participates in the consensus mechanism. In
the case of æternity, every value-holder can participate.


***

## W


***

## X


***

## Y


***

## Z


***

## 0123

***

## æternity glossary guidelines

<sup>[read also Wiki-Guidelines](Wiki-Guidelines-&-To-Do's)</sup>

### linking to æternity glossary

This is how a link looks like:
https://github.com/aeternity/wiki/wiki/Glossary#hashlocking, if you are
writing an article and using a complex word which had to be explained,
set this word inside a link like this [balblablub](Glossary#blablablub)

But you have no time to explain it at this moment, than ! If doesn't
matter, do it later, do it never, another one will do it for you, or no
one will it do. The main thing is linking to here. (please fix my bad
english, if know what I mean)

### Links to external sources from every content

If it is possible, please set inside (at the bottom) :
* < s u p > link to source, from where you have the information < / sup
  \>
* < s u p > link to a æ-wiki page, if we have < / sup > see Example:
  [Cuckoo Cycle](#cuckoo-cycle)
  * if we have a æ-wiki page: doit
  * if not, but you think we have to: do it also, so that we recognized
    this and write one if you have not the time or skill to do it. I
    think we will love this.

### Sources:

see above: Links to external sources from every content