Before you can contribute, please read and accept the æternity terms and
conditions of the contribution campaign. Following you will be displayed
the æternity development contribution address. Terms and Conditions:

æternity is a decentralized blockchain that allows scalable smart
contracts to interface with real world data. Contributions for
developing the æternity Blockchain are being collected by AETERNITY
Establishment. In return for Contributions, æternity will create genesis
allocations of Æ: the cryptographic fuel necessary for the operation of
æternity platform.

IMPORTANT LANGUAGE DISCLAIMER – IN ORDER TO AVOID ANY POTENTIAL
TRANSLATION INCONSISTENCIES, æternity TERMS AND DISCLAIMERS ARE ONLY
AVAILABLE IN ENGLISH. IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO UNDERSTAND THE LANGUAGE,
PLEASE SEEK THE ASSISTANCE OF A PROFESSIONAL TRANSLATOR BEFORE
CONTINUING.

## Chinese language disclaimer

如果您无法阅读或理解英文，请寻找一个专业的翻译人员帮助您。

## Russian language disclaimer

Если вы не можете читать и понимать Английский язык, обратитесь к
профессиональному переводчику

## Filipino language disclaimer

MAARI PONG HUMINGI NG TULONG SA ISANG BIHASANG TAGASALIN KAPAG
NAHIHIRAPAN O DI MAKAINTINDI NG WIKANG INGLES.

## Indonesian language disclaimer

JIKA ANDA TIDAK BISA MEMBACA DAN MEMAHAMI BAHASA INGGRIS, MINTALAH
BANTUAN DARI AHLI PENTERJEMAH

## French language disclaimer

Si vous ne pouvez pas lire et comprendre l'anglais, s'il vous plaît contacter un traducteur professionnel.

***

By clicking the “I Accept” / “I Agree” / “Continue” / “Next” /
"Participate" buttons or checking the checkbox presented with the Terms,
you are, out of your own free will, agreeing that you are taking part in
the second of two phases of the “æternity Contribution Campaign”, under
the Terms set forth in detail in this document at your own risk.

You hereby also confirm, due to regulation uncertainties, that you are
not a resident in or citizen of the United States of America.

If you are contributing to the “æternity Contribution Campaign” for
another entity or any third-party, such as the company you work for, or
you represent, you hereby warrant that you have legal authority to bind
that entity to these Terms as set forth in this document.

## æternity Contribution Campaign and Æ Tokens Allocation Terms

### 1. Principles

The following Terms (“Terms”) govern the "Contribution Procedure" to the
AETERNITY Establishment, based in Liechtenstein (“æternity”), by Users
(“Users” collectively, and “User” individually) and the subsequent
allocation of transferable cryptographic blockchain-based digital
information units called AE (“Æ”) to Users.

æternity, and any other supporting organization, will promote the
development of open source software technology (“The Software”) that
enables the creation of a scalable public decentralized cloud computing
platform the public can use to run server applications (“æternity
Network”). Operation of the æternity Network involves transferable
cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units called Æ.

Æ is a participatory token that allows the holder to deploy and run
software code, vote on network governance issues, and support operation
of the network through mining. When æternity judges that the Software
has been sufficiently developed to allow the æternity Network to be
launched, æternity will create the initial block (“Genesis State”) which
will include allocations of Æ that are essential for the æternity
Blockchain to operate. The Genesis allocations of Æ will reflect early
contributions towards the development and to support æternity, made in
two subsequent phases:

The "First Contribution Phase" which ended on April 6th 2017, and the
"Second Contribution Phase" which will begin at 13:05 GMT on May 29th,
2017 (the “Launch Date”) and end on 13:05 GMT June 19th, 2017 or six
hours after $21,000,000 CHF worth of ETH and BTC has been received
(“Contribution Cap”), whichever is earlier. However, since the æternity
Network will be operated by an independent community of miners around
the world using the open sourced Software, the community can fork the
code to create an alternate blockchain.

Therefore, æternity cannot guarantee to any party that the initial
allocation of Æ would end up as the dominant blockchain when the
æternity Network is created. The User understands and accepts that while
the individuals and entities, including involved entities assigned to
this task will make reasonable efforts to develop and complete the
æternity Network, it is possible that such development may fail and that
the æternity Network and any Æ will not be created, become useless
and/or valueless due to technical, commercial, regulatory or any other
reasons (see also Section 7 regarding Risks).

The User is also aware of the risk that even if all or parts of the
æternity Network are successfully developed and released in full or in
parts, due to a lack of public interest, the æternity Network could be
fully or partially abandoned, remain unsuccessful according to any
measure, or shut down for lack of interest or other reasons.

The User therefore understands and accepts that the Contribution to
æternity, and/or the allocation, use and ownership of Æ, carries
significant financial, regulatory and/or reputational risks (including
the complete loss of value, if any, of Æ and attributed features). The
User further confirms to have carefully reviewed the Terms and fully
understands the risks and costs of making a Contribution to æternity. By
contributing to æternity, the User expressly agrees to all of the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

ETH Contribution will be made to Ethereum addresses and Bitcoin to BTC
address
[(as specified in Section 3.5)](#35-æternity-contributions-smart-contracts-systems).
Contribution could also be made to a third party services approved by
æternity such as crowdfunding portals as further specified in [Section
3.3.](#33-accepted-currencies--third-parties-services) The management of
contributions will be made in a multi signature approved by Key Holders
(in a process specified in
[Section 3.5](#35-æternity-contributions-smart-contracts-systems) ). The
initial distribution of Æ token will be facilitated through a designated
“Æ Contribution Contract” ("ACC") on the Ethereum blockchain and will
reflect such collected Contributions (and per the allocation mechanism
set forth in [section 3.7.](#37-allocation-pools) ) æternity shall
distribute Æ within four weeks after the Second Phase of the
Contribution Campaign concludes, however æternity reserves the right to
delay delivery by up to 6 months after the conclusion of the
Contribution Campaign, as a precautionary time period to ,resolve any
arising issues such as security issues.

Following the conclusion of both phases of æternity Contribution
Campaign, and after a development phase as described in the æternity
road map, æternity will announce if the Software has been sufficiently
developed to allow the æternity blockchain to be launched.

Upon a successful launch, æternity will create the initial block
("Genesis Block") and allocate pre mined AE tokens in accordance to
Users respective Æ allocation on the Ethereum blockchain (process
further explained in [Sections 3.7](#37-allocation-pools) and
[4)](#4-æternity-genesis-block) . Remaining Æ on the Ethereum blockchain
will lose their functionality (and their intrinsic value), except for
their credentials, the Private Keys ("PUK") that will be used to access
a correspondent æternity Address with an equivalent amount of Æ on the
æternity blockchain.

The User also understands and accepts that - as the allocation of Æ is
based on Smart Contract Systems (Ethereum Smart Contract and the ACC) -
the functions, terms and conditions applicable thereon are set forth
therein.

To the extent the terms contained herein or in any other document or
communication contradict to the ones in the Smart Contract System; the
terms of the Smart Contract prevail. Furthermore, no other document or
communication may modify or add any additional obligations or covenants
to æternity beyond those set forth in this document and the Smart
Contract Systems.

This document does not constitute a prospectus of any sort, is not a
solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any way to an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. It is a description of the
functionality of a blockchain based smart contract system.

By contributing to æternity, and/or by receiving, using and holding Æ,
no form of partnership, joint venture or any similar relationship
between the Users, æternity and/or other individuals or entities
involved with the æternity Network is created.

### 2. Representations and Warranties of User

By contributing to æternity, and/or by receiving, using and holding of
Æ, the User represents and warrants that:

* the User has a deep understanding of the functionality, usage,
  storage, transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with
  cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH), and
  blockchain-based software systems and intends to build applications on
  top of the æternity Network, to use Æ to participate in network
  governance and in mining activities. the User is not a US person by
  residency or citizenship;

* the User understands and expressly accepts that due to legal
  uncertainties and complexity of US financial regulations, æternity
  will not accept any Contributions of US persons by residency or
  citizenship;

* the User is legally permitted to receive and hold and make use of Æ in
  the User’s jurisdiction;

* the User is legally permitted to receive software and contributing to
  æternity;

* the User is of a sufficient age to legally obtain Æ; User will
  contribute only from æternity wallet located on aeternity.com website,
  or an Ethereum wallet service provider that technically supports the Æ
  contribution procedure (also specified in
  [Section 3.3)](#33-accepted-currencies--third-parties-services) .

For security reasons, User shall NOT contribute directly from any
digital currency exchange.

* User understands and accepts that failure to assure this may have the
  result that User will not gain access to his Æ.

* The User will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks
  associated with the receiving and holding of Æ; the User is not
  contributing to æternity to obtain Æ for the purpose of speculative
  investment; the User is not obtaining or using Æ for any illegal
  purposes;

* the User waives the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or
  a classwide arbitration against any entity or individual involved with
  the Contribution to æternity, with the allocation of Æ and with the
  operation of the æternity Network;

* The User understands and accepts that Æ do not represent or constitute
  any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent right in
  or relating to æternity, The Software, the æternity Network and/or any
  software, any public or private company, corporation, entity or
  property in any jurisdiction.

* The User understands and expressly accepts that there is no warranty
  whatsoever on Æ and/or the success of the æternity Network, expressed
  or implied, to the extent permitted by law, and that Æ is created and
  obtained at the sole risk of the User on an “as is” and “under
  development” basis and without, to the extent permitted by law, any
  warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of
  title or implied warranties, merchantability or fitness for a
  particular purpose

* the User understands with regard to Æ no market liquidity may be
  guaranteed and that the value of Æ over time (if any) may experience
  extreme volatility or depreciate in full;

* the User understands that the User bears the sole responsibility to
  determine if the Contribution to æternity, the allocation, use or
  ownership of Æ, the potential appreciation or depreciation in the
  value of Æ over time (if any), the sale and purchase of Æ and/or any
  other action or transaction related to the æternity Network have tax
  implications; by contributing to æternity, and/or by receiving, using
  or holding Æ, and to the extent permitted by law,

* the User agrees not to hold any associated party (including
  developers, auditors, contractors or founders) liable for any tax
  liability associated with or arising from the Contribution to
  æternity, the allocation, use or ownership of Æ or any other action or
  transaction related to the æternity Network.

### 3. æternity Contribution Procedure

#### 3.1 Qualification Any contribution

made to æternity during the Contribution Period ( [as defined in section
3.2](#32-contribution-period) ) is qualified as a non-refundable
Contribution. Contributions can be made using ether (ETH) or bitcoin
(BTC).

The BTC equivalent for any Contributions of ETH shall be calculated
using the exchange rate as provided by CoinMarketCap or equivalent
service chosen by æternity and submitted to the ETH Contribution Smart
Contract.

#### 3.2 Contribution Period

Contributions in the Second Contribution Phase will be collected from
May 29th 2017 13:05 GMT and will last for 3 weeks until June 19th 2017
or **six hours after** $21,000,000 CHF worth of ETH/BTC has been
received (“Contribution Cap”), whichever is earlier.

The Contribution Cap shall be calculated using the exchange rate as
provided by CoinMarketCap or equivalent service chosen by æternity.

All transactions following the Contribution Period ("Late
Contributions") will be sent back to the sender, and no Æ distribution
or allocation will be given for transactions which are included in a
block after the Contribution Period ends (or before it starts).

#### 3.3 Accepted Currencies & Third Parties Services

Contributions can be made using ETH or BTC. The BTC equivalent for any
Contributions of ETH shall be calculated using the exchange rate as
provided by CoinMarketCap or equivalent service chosen by æternity and
submitted to the ETH Contribution Smart Contract.

In addition, you will have the possibility to contribute by using third
party providers approved publicly by æternity, such as crowdfunding
portals https://ICO365.com or https://Bitcoinsuisse.ch.

Please ensure to follow the instructions of the third party provider
otherwise you risk losing your Æ tokens. If you contribute using a third
party service, that is your agent, not ours, for the purpose of
participating in the Contribution Campaign.

You and your agent, not we, responsible for ensuring that we actually
receive the appropriate amount of Contribution and you contributed in
such manner that corresponds with æternity Contribution Terms. We are
not responsible for any loss of funds due in any part to the use of a
third party.

DO NOT send any Contribution from a third party service we did not
publicly announced on our website, or directly from any digital currency
exchanges (for example Poloniex.com or Shapeshift)!

#### 3.4 Contribution Campaign Caps

Contribution Cap - Contributions in the Second Contribution Phase will
be collected over a 3 weeks time period or six hours after the
Contribution Cap of $21,000,000 CHF worth of ETH or BTC has been
received, whichever is earlier.

The Contribution Cap shall be calculated using the exchange rate as
provided by CoinMarketCap or equivalent service chosen by æternity and
submitted to the ETH Contribution Smart Contract.

If the Contributions reach the Contribution Cap before the end date of
the Contribution Period, æternity will stop accepting additional
Contributions 6 hours after the Contribution Cap was reached.
Contributions made before will be accepted.

Personal Contribution Cap: In the interest of fairness and
inclusiveness, æternity will apply certain limitations on the
distribution of Æ. In order to give as many interested parties as
possible the opportunity to take part, Æ will restrict any single
entity, person, corporation, or group from contributing $1,000,000 CHF
worth of ETH or BTC, and/or obtaining more than 12.5% of the total Æ
distributed.

The purpose of this limitation is to ensure broad, global participation
in the Contribution Campaign. For the purpose of measuring the maximum
Contribution per one individual, æternity will use the BTC/CHF and
ETH/CHF exchange rate as provided by CoinMarketCap or equivalent service
chosen by æternity.

Any individual, group, corporation, company, entity, or groups of
legally connected entities (e.g., multiple entities with the same owner,
or multiple entities in which one owns one or more of the others, or
multiple entities who have entered into a joint venture) wishing to
obtain more than the cap amount Æ must contact æternity directly to
clear the purchase.

When contributing to æternity, each User agrees that, to the best of the
User's knowledge, and after all necessary inquiries, the User will not
cause any entity, person, group, company, corporation, or group of
associated entities to contribute more than $1M CHF worth of ETH.

Minimum Contribution Amount: æternity also reserves the right not to
accept contributions smaller than the equivalent of $0.05 CHF (Minimal
Contribution), calculated using the exchange rates as provided by
CoinMarketCap or equivalent service chosen by æternity. If a User makes
a contribution of less than the Minimal Contribution, it will be
considered as a gift, no Æ will be allocated and no refund is possible.

#### 3.5 æternity Contributions Smart Contracts Systems

Contributions made to æternity during the Contribution Period are being
recorded on the Ethereum blockchain. The Contribution will be managed by
by æternity in a multi signature smart contract, and collected by the
following addresses:

     ETH: 0xBEc591De75b8699A3Ba52F073428822d0Bfc0D7e
     BTC: 3D1YpQirXKZGn7ydnh6oUPWzo5WC4sd4Nc 

All transactions out of these wallets must be approved by Key Holders as
nominated by æternity, to conduct the development according to the
æternity [Roadmap]() and in the best interest of the Æ holders.

Following a successful Contribution Campaign, the ACC shall be created
to produce and allocate divisible and transferable Æ which will serve as
a verifiable and immutable digital receipts (also referred herein as Æ
"Allocation Units"), that reflect the contributions recorded on the
Contribution Addresses per the allocation mechanism set forth in
[section 3.7.](#37-allocation-pools)

The time that it takes for the ACC to create the Æ Allocation Units, an
ERC-20 compatible token on Ethereum blockchain, depends upon mechanisms
inside the ACC and other technology used to collect and track
Contributions.

The initial distribution will occur within four weeks after the Second
Phase of the Contribution Campaign concludes, however æternity reserves
the right to delay delivery by up to six months after the conclusion of
the Contribution Campaign as a precautionary time period to resolve any
arising issues such as security issues.

When æternity judges that the Software has been sufficiently developed
to allow the æternity blockchain to be launched, æternity will create
the initial block ("Genesis Block"), and allocate pre mined Æ tokens to
the User in accordance to the ACC respective Æ Allocation Units existing
on the Ethereum blockchain (as further described in
[Section 4](#4-æternity-genesis-block) ).

At that point all Æ tokens on the Ethereum blockchain will lose their
intrinsic value, and only their credentials can be used to access a
correspondent address on æternity blockchain which will hold equivalent
amount of Æ.

If User decides not to migrate to æternity blockchain, he may no longer
use his Æ as any Æ left on the Ethereum blockchain may lose their
functionality in full.

In order to participate in the Contribution Procedure, you will need to
have an æternity account created on an Ethereum address using an open
source wallet provider (which can be found on aeternity.com), or you can
also directly contribute from any Ethereum or Bitcoin Wallet which you
hold your own PUK (e.g. Myetherwallet, not a digital currency exchange).

For your security, when you login or register on æternity, you must do
it from your private computer using a private network, from a private
physical location.

Account Seed - During your æternity wallet creation a Private Key
("PUK") will be generated and you will be required to choose a strong
password and download a keystore file.

Please follow the instructions and read carefully all æternity posts and
related tutorials. If you choose to send from a different wallet, please
be reminded that a “seed phrase” sometime used to create an address and
corresponding private key.

Private Keys (or the Seed Phrase/Keyphrase) are the only way you can
access your "æternity Account" and therefore your Æ tokens. By
participating in the "æternity Contribution Campaign", you understand
and agree that you are responsible for safeguarding the "PUK" and that:

* You must write down the PUK on piece of paper and safeguard the paper
  at all times beyond at least 2 separate physical locking devices, e.g.
  a fire & water resistant safe and a door.
* You must never share the PUK with anyone.
* You understand that if someone gets the PUK, by any means, they gain
  full access to your Æ
* You understand that Æ does not store the PUK and cannot recover it if
  lost.
* If you lose the PUK, you will lose access to your Æ forever. The User
  only uses an address for the Contribution that is supported by
  æternity Contribution Campaign and does not send any Contribution
  directly from an exchange.
* User understands and accepts that failure to assure this may have the
  result that User will not gain access to his or her Æ.

#### 3.6 Contribution Rewards

Æ will be rewarded for Contributions and delivered by the ACC initially
on the Ethereum blockchain, until the migration to the æternity
blockchain (as described above in Section 3.5). The distribution of Æ
rewards shall take place after the conclusion of the æternity
Contribution Campaign, and according to the following calculation
("Contribution Rewards Calculation"):

**First Week** - First 24 hours of the First Week -

For every 1 ETH contributed, User will receive 800 Æ (1:800 ratio)
tokens as a reward to his contribution. Final 6 days of the First Week -

For every 1 ETH contributed, User will receive 750 Æ (1:750 ratio)
tokens as a reward to his contribution.

**Second Week**

For every 1 ETH contributed, User will receive 700 Æ (1:700 ratio)
tokens as a reward to his contribution.

**Third Week** For every 1 ETH contributed, User will receive 650 Æ
(1:650 ratio) tokens as a reward to his contribution.

#### 3.7 Allocation Pools

After the Contribution Period is completed, Æ allocation units will be
created by the ACC that reflects the quantity of the Æ tokens to be
created on æternity Genesis Block (further explanation can be found in
[Section 4)](#4-æternity-genesis-block) .

ACC will set the allocations of Æ according to the principles set forth
below and under
[Section 3.5](#35-æternity-contributions-smart-contracts-systems) )
above:

* Pool A: 82% of the “Total Æ Amount” allocated by the Genesis State
  shall be allocated to Users who made Contributions to æternity during
  the Contribution Periods.

* Pool B: 8.5% of the Total Æ Amount shall be reserved for an allocation
  (an endowment) to be used at the complete discretion of æternity, for
  funding operations, disbursement of grants to developers, education,
  further research and community outreach.

* Pool C: 8.5% of the Total Æ Amount shall be allocated to the team
  members and partners who made early financial or development
  contributions or provided other support or resources that were needed
  to realize the current design of the æternity.

The Æ allocated to core team members of æternity will be time locked and
will be released over a 2 year time frame in order to incentivise their
long term involvement in æternity.

* Pool D – 1% will be distributed at the launch of æternity blockchain
  to Bitcoin and Ethereum holders according to a certain algorithm
  and/or criteria to be published by æternity.

æternity reserve the right to modify the distribution method of Pool D.

* Pool E: Total of 1,000,000 (1 million) Æ to early supporters who
  contributed to the æternity bounty campaign (Æ Bounties).

* Æ Bounties will be manually approved and delivered at the end of the
  Contribution Periods. æternity may start additional bounties campaigns
  at its sole discretion.

* Æ Bounties are not entitled to time or amount contribution bonuses.
  Participants who were approved shall have their registered “Æ
  Accounts” credited to receive allocated Æ.

* Æ Bounties that were not been claimed during 2 months period following
  the end of the Contribution Campaign will be destroyed or reallocated
  at æternity discretion for the benefit of æternity community.

### 4. æternity Genesis Block

#### 4.1

When æternity judges in its sole discretion both that The Software is
sufficiently developed to launch the æternity Network and that it is a
good time to launch, it will create and place in a pre-mining process, a
sum of Æ in the Genesis Block of the blockchain used for the æternity
Network.

The exact amount shall be equivalent to the recorded ACC token
distribution and will include in the Genesis Block an equivalent size to
pools mentioned above [Section 3.7](#37-allocation-pools). The Genesis
Block is expected to be created during the following 12-18 months after
the Contribution Periods, although there are no guarantees that this
will occur according to such a time-frame or at all.

Users may claim their Æ on the æternity blockchain after such time by
taking control with their assigned Æ credentials (exact instructions
will be published beforehand on aeternity.com).

Immediately after the creation of the Genesis Block, Æ's left on the
Ethereum blockchain will lose all intrinsic value and only their
credentials could be used to access a correspondent æternity Address,
which will hold an equivalent amount of newly formed Æ. If User decides
not to take part in the migration process to the æternity blockchain, he
may no longer use his Æ and that Æ left on the Ethereum blockchain may
lose their functionality in full.

#### 4.2 Growth Rate of Æ

Once the æternity blockchain is operational, new Æ is expected to be
spontaneously created at a constant annual linear rate exclusively via
the mining process pursuant to a target annual rate.

The ongoing mining process secures the æternity blockchain and Æ will be
created by the protocol as a reward to miners.

The annual target rate of new Æ creation will be set to: - 20% of the
Genesis Blockchain's Æ in first year; afterwards - - 10% in second year
\- 5 % in third year - 3 % in fourth year - 0% inflation For technical
reasons Æ may need to change the annual rate of new creation for changes
to the æternity mining algorithm or to address other issues that may
arise.

Although Æ does not intend to change the annual rate of new creation at
this time, there is no guarantee that the percentage will be accurate or
that this rate will continue at the same level.

### 5. æternity Project Execution

æternity has the right to engage subcontractors to perform the entire or
partial development and execution of the æternity Project. It remains at
æternity's sole discretion to decide how to allocate the Contributions
received in order to develop and execute the æternity Project.
* The User understands and accepts that he may not have any expectation
  of influence over governance on æternity.
* The User understands and accepts that the æternity Network will need
  to go through substantial development works as part of which it may
  become subject of significant conceptual, technical and commercial
  changes before release.
* The User acknowledges and understands that after the æternity
  Blockchain launch Users will have the discretion whether or not to
  adopt the smart contract proposals of æternity and the functionality
  of Æ as deployed by æternity.
* The User acknowledges and understands that æternity may not warrant or
  assure that
* the Users will not change the functionality of the Æ and/or of the
  æternity Platform as proposed by æternity (and set forth herein) and
  that such conduct could have the consequence that Æ become useless
  and/or valueless (see also [Section 7](#7-risks) regarding risks).

### 6. Technical Checks of the Smart Contract System

The Smart Contract System used to facilitate the Contribution Campaign
has been, on a reasonable effort basis, examined by technical experts
with regard to their functionality. The technical experts have confirmed
that the Smart Contract System has, with regard to both accuracy and
security, been programmed according to the current state of the art.
However,
* the User understands and accepts that the used software and technology
  is still in an early development stage and its application of
  experimental nature which carries significant operational,
  technological, financial, regulatory and reputational risks.
  Accordingly, while the examinations performed raise the level of
  security and accuracy,
* the User understands and accepts that such examinations do not amount
  to any form of warranty, including direct or indirect warranties that
  the Smart Contract Systems are fit for a particular purpose or do not
  contain any weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs which could cause,
  inter alia, the complete loss of ETH, BTC and Æ.

### 7. Risks

The User understands and accepts the risks in connection with the
Contribution to æternity, and/or with the allocation, use and ownership
of Æ, as exemplary set forth above and hereinafter. In particular, but
not concluding,

* the User understands the inherent risks listed hereinafter:

#### Risk of software weaknesses:


* The User understands and accepts that the decentralized cloud concept,
  The æternity Network, Smart Contract Systems including the ACC and
  other involved software and technology and technical concepts and
  theories (including but not limited to blockchains, Validation Trees,
  cryptography and game theoretic assumptions related to Proof of Stake
  networks) are still in an early development stage and unproven, there
  is no warranty that the process for receiving, use and ownership of Æ
  will be uninterrupted or error-free and there is an inherent risk that
  the software and related technologies and theories could contain
  weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing, inter alia, the complete
  loss of Æ.

#### Regulatory risk:

The User understands and accepts that the blockchain technology allows
new forms of interaction and that it is possible that certain
jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, or introduce new
regulations addressing, blockchain technology based applications, which
may be contrary to the setup of the Smart Contract Systems and
decentralized cloud concept and which may, inter alia, result in
substantial modifications of the decentralized cloud concept and/or the
æternity Network, including its termination and the loss of Æ for the
User.

####  Risk of abandonment / lack of success:

* The User understands and accepts that the allocation of the Æ and the
  development of the æternity Network may be abandoned for a number of
  reasons, including lack of interest from industry and/or the public,
  lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (e.g. caused
  by competing projects).
* The User therefore understands that there is no assurance that, even
  if the æternity Network is partially or fully developed and launched,
* the User will receive any functionality through the Æ held by him.

#### Risk associated with other applications:

The User understands and accepts that the æternity Network may give rise
to other, alternative projects, promoted by unaffiliated third parties,
under which Æ will have no intrinsic value.

#### Risk of loss of private key:

Æ may only be accessed using a private key that corresponds to the
address at which it is stored. User understands and accepts that if his
private key, or the “seed” used to create his address and corresponding
private key got lost or stolen, the obtained Æ associated with the
User’s address will be unrecoverable and will be permanently lost.

#### Risk of theft:

The User understands and accepts that the decentralized cloud concept,
the Smart Contract Systems, The Software, the virtual platform created
by the æternity Network, the Ethereum network, the ACC smart contract
hosted on Ethereum, and other technology components or platforms may be
exposed to attacks by hackers or other individuals that that could
result in theft or loss of Æ, or the theft or loss of Contributions,
impacting the ability to develop and launch the æternity Network.

#### Risk of blockchain mining attacks:

The User understands and accepts that, as with other public blockchain
based systems that depend upon independent miners, the æternity Network
may be susceptible to mining attacks including but not limited to
double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining”
attacks, and race condition attacks.

Any successful attacks present a risk to the decentralized cloud system
created by the æternity Network, expected proper execution and
sequencing of Æ transactions, and expected proper execution and
sequencing of software computations.

### 8. Taxation

The User bears the sole responsibility to determine if his Contribution
to æternity, the allocation, use or ownership of Æ, the potential
appreciation or depreciation in the value of Æ over time (if any), the
sale and purchase of Æ and/or any other action or transaction related to
the æternity Network have tax implications for him.

By contributing to the æternity, and/or by receiving, using or holding
Æ, and to the extent permitted by law, the User agrees not to hold any
third party (including developers, auditors, contractors or founders)
liable for any tax liability associated with or arising from the
Contribution to æternity, the allocation, use or ownership of Æ or any
other action or transaction related to the æternity Network.

### 9. No Liability

The User acknowledges and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted
by any applicable law, the User will not hold æternity, any developers,
auditors, contractors or founders and/or the æternity Network liable for
any and all damages or injury whatsoever caused by or related to the use
of, or the inability to use, the Smart Contract Systems, Æ, æternity
Network or the decentralized cloud platform produced under any cause or
action whatsoever of any kind in any jurisdiction, including, without
limitation, actions for breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort
(including negligence) and that developers, auditors, contractors or
founders of the Smart Contract Systems, Æ, æternity Network or the
decentralized cloud platform produced shall not be liable for any
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages,
including for loss of profits, goodwill or data, in any way whatsoever
arising out of the use of, or the inability to use of the Smart Contract
Systems, Æ, æternity Network or the decentralized cloud platform
produced.

The User further specifically acknowledges that developers, auditors,
contractors or founders of the Smart Contract Systems, Æ, æternity
Network or the decentralized cloud platform produced are not liable, and
the User agrees not to seek to hold them liable, for the conduct of
third parties, including other creators of Æ, and that the risk of
creating, holding and using Æ rests entirely with the User. By
receiving, holding or using Æ, and to the extent permitted by law, the
User agrees not to hold any third party (including developers, auditors,
contractors or founders) liable for any regulatory implications or
liability associated with or arising from the allocation, ownership or
use of Æ or any other action or transaction related to the æternity
Network.

### 10. Miscellaneous

The User agrees that if any portion of these Terms is found illegal or
unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination
of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or
enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without
affecting the remaining provisions of the Terms, which shall continue to
be in full force and effect.

The Terms govern the Contributions to æternity, and the allocation, use
and holding of Æ and supersede any public statements about the launch of
æternity Network, the Æ and/or the decentralized cloud system made by
anyone in the past, present and future. The applicable law is
Liechtenstein law.

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the creation of the Æ
and the development and execution of the æternity Network shall be
finally settled under the Lichtenstein Rules of Arbitration in
accordance with the said Rules.

May 29th, 2017 I accept all the terms and conditions above.


I confirm that I am not a US citizen or US resident


The original document can be review here: Source:
https://wallet.aeternity.com/

***

**Version History:**

| no: | revision: | doc title:           | comments:                    | date:          | review by:              | official | pdf               |
|:----|:----------|:---------------------|:-----------------------------|:---------------|:------------------------|:---------|:------------------|
| 1   |           | Terms and Conditions |                              |                |                         | x1       |                   |
| 2   | rev 2     | Terms and Conditions |                              | May 29th, 2017 | Æ-Team member sign here | x1       | [link missing](#) |
| 3   | rev 3     | Terms and Conditions | changed ÆTERNITY to æternity | Jun 7th, 2017  |                         | x1       |                   |

<sup>(*) how to sign? Just read, and confirm with your name, that this
TAC are 1:1 with the website</sup>

<sup>x1= official document only on æternity website and pdf link</sup>
***

## Definitions

| no |     | comment        |
|:---|:----|:---------------|
| 1  | ACC |                |
| 2  | Æ   | æternity token |

## aeternity.com – Imprint (legal)

### Disclaimer


**Always backup your keys:** wallet.aeternity.com is not a "web wallet".
You do not create an account or give us your AE or Ether to hold onto.
All data never leaves your computer/your browser. We make it easy for
you to create, save, and access your information and interact with the
blockchain.

**MIT License** Copyright © 2017 Aeternity Anstalt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**
